said in the chat.
So Minecraft, right?
What do you want to talk about?
I didn't choose a topic
it was like it was a mutual  mutual agreement.
So I was expecting you provide some
Oh yeah, no you can't.
hahaha so
So what gives you hahah
So much no Clash of Clans is the one you build the base, right?
You're not interested in this
What were you enjoying?
like clash of clans You build a base
But Clash Royale, you build a deck.
a deck of cards yeah but like the (****)
Actually, I'm good at both
But Clash of Clans, you need to invest your time in it. Why are you smiling? It's not that.
It's serious though.
Hey,so  how was it?
That's our topic
Oh, thank you
So what games do you play?
Like the solitaire?hahahha
What's his favorite?
It's not easy
Also, you suck at solitaird
I'm just asking. hahhaaha Tusk is my style.
online You only play online.
Me? I play Solitaire with Atropos.
I guess.
which one Broke oh
I only watch.
I said, um, first row, second row, second row.
huh?
Jamie, Gabby.
Me, Sidon, Jason.
jason...athreya
Saw him, the third one.
what?
Just wondering and i dont know
Only Pokemon rogue
Like the one you click on the number and you color it.
hahahaha
That's wonderful.
I'm sure you're a great artist. You sound like a great artist.
What?
Then why don't you play something else?
Why don't you play something real real quick?
Buy something you love.
I like Pokemon. yeah
I- I pay attention. Oh my god.
yeah, I pay attention and then I was like
back propagation and
I'm not gonna explain it to you.
Linear regression is a form of regression, so it's from like AP statistics.
So you're basically trying to approximate a linear relationship between two variables.
Oh, you just got burned. You just got burned.
ohh its the ai quiz
It's like by default I got this one.
Yeah, the only person I love, DrupalGod. Like, I feel like...
Everyone else?
I don't glaze, but the only person I glaze is Drew Brito.
yeah its not gross cause
This is one they don't deserve it, right?
Drupal God deserves everything. He deserves more.
like i got u bro
can we?